feat(curriculum): add functions calculator workshop (#55949)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-calculator-app/66cc12fa504b0479dac479a0.md

---
id: 66cc12fa504b0479dac479a0
title: Step 8
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> The advantage of functions is that they can be called with different arguments. This allows you to reuse the same code with different values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of functions is that they can be called with different arguments, allowing you to reuse the same code with various values.
```
